fix: jwt error return status 400 for invalid role (#4081)
PostgREST/postgrest: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Fixed

> - #3601, Fix jwt error return status `400` for invalid role - @taimoorzaeem

Reviewer: I'll try changing to this format from now on, to reduce editing effort on release notes ([ref](https://github.com/PostgREST/postgrest/pull/4020#issuecomment-2868219975)).

```suggestion
- Fix jwt error returning HTTP status `400` for invalid role by @taimoorzaeem in #3601
```
